README.md, before:

# Introducing hu60bot

### Usage
```
A hu60wap6 robot

Usage:
  hu60bot [flags]

Flags:
      --botxff string                     header will be sent to hu60api which value is the ws client's original ip (default "X-Forwarded-For")
      --canal-client-destination string   canal client destination for watching hu60wap6 db (default "hu60bot")
      --canal-host string                 canal host for watching hu60wap6 db (default "127.0.0.1")
      --canal-port int                    canal port for watching hu60wap6 db (default 11111)
      --conversation-window string        conversation valid time. example: 1m, 1h, 1d ... (default "30m")
      --disable-action strings            websocket server disabled bot action. can be specified multiple times
  -h, --help                              help for hu60bot
      --hu60api string                    hu60wap6's api url (default "https://hu60.cn")
  -p, --hu60pass string                   robot password for login hu60wap6
  -u, --hu60user string                   robot username for login hu60wap6
      --hu60ws string                     hu60wap6's websocket endpoint url (default "wss://hu60.cn/ws/msg")
  -l, --listen string                     websocket server listen address (default "127.0.0.1:4860")
      --log-level string                  logging level. example: error, warn, info, debug ... (default "info")
      --openai-api string                 openai's api url with version (default "https://api.openai.com/v1")
      --openai-model string               id of the openai model to use. https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/overview (default "gpt-3.5-turbo")
      --openai-timeout string             timeout for requesting openai api (default "65s")
  -k, --openai-token string               api key for access openai. https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys
      --wspu int                          websocket server connections limit per user (default 10)
```

Commit message:

添加会话背景描述功能来自定义 openai 助手的行为
Signed-off-by: rkonfj <rkonfj@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Introducing hu60bot

### Usage
```
A hu60wap6 robot

Usage:
  hu60bot [flags]

Flags:
      --botxff string                     header will be sent to hu60api which value is the ws client's original ip (default "X-Forwarded-For")
      --canal-client-destination string   canal client destination for watching hu60wap6 db (default "hu60bot")
      --canal-host string                 canal host for watching hu60wap6 db (default "127.0.0.1")
      --canal-port int                    canal port for watching hu60wap6 db (default 11111)
      --conversation-bg string            each line is decorated as a system role message sent to openai (default "bg.txt")
      --conversation-window string        conversation valid time. example: 1m, 1h, 1d ... (default "30m")
      --disable-action strings            websocket server disabled bot action. can be specified multiple times
  -h, --help                              help for hu60bot
      --hu60api string                    hu60wap6's api url (default "https://hu60.cn")
  -p, --hu60pass string                   robot password for login hu60wap6
  -u, --hu60user string                   robot username for login hu60wap6
      --hu60ws string                     hu60wap6's websocket endpoint url (default "wss://hu60.cn/ws/msg")
  -l, --listen string                     websocket server listen address (default "127.0.0.1:4860")
      --log-level string                  logging level. example: error, warn, info, debug ... (default "info")
      --openai-api string                 openai's api url with version (default "https://api.openai.com/v1")
      --openai-model string               id of the openai model to use. https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/overview (default "gpt-3.5-turbo")
      --openai-timeout string             timeout for requesting openai api (default "65s")
  -k, --openai-token string               api key for access openai. https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys
      --wspu int                          websocket server connections limit per user (default 10)
```
